 After finishing the [Phaser intro tutorial](/catalog/descriptions/phaser_first_game), I was looking for a more challenging project. I had tried to write an Asteroids game in [p5.js](https://p5js.org) with little success, due to the cumbersome physics implementation and limited features of the framework. I had seen a tutorial for Asteroids on the [Phaser](https://phaser.io) website and decided to give it a shot as my first Phaser project without a tutorial. I chose not to follow a tutorial because I wanted to get a feel for the documentation and for the developer communities. I found the communities to be extremely robust expecially given that Phaser V3 had only been released 3 months prior. With a combination of extremely helpful developers and a good deal of bushwacking through the documentation, I was able to produce a working game. After two weeks of hardcore work on this project it began to wear me down quite a lot, so I decided to publish what I had and put it in the "continuing development" pile.

 I'm learning a lot about both Phaser and Javascript from this project. I had a lot of fun implementing the rotational physics in the game. The numerous `set` methods made things a breeze. I also made good use of the `Phaser.Math` utilities, which are a perfect fit for game design. I also like the keyboard interface implementation a lot-- one-liners like

<pre class="pre-scrollable"><var>spacebar</var> = this.input.keyboard.addKey(Phaser.Input.Keyboard.KeyCodes.SPACE)
</pre>
are hard to learn but make your code easy to understand when you're finished. A particularly interesting challenge was the implementation of world-wrapping. I found in the docs that the proper implementation was `this.physics.world.wrap(<sprite>)`. However it was not until a very helpful person over at the [Phaser HTML 5 Game Devs](http://www.html5gamedevs.com/forum/33-phaser-3/) forum pointed out that the line had to be inside my update function that I was finally able to get everything working.
